Add bullet to explicitly mention slack invite (#303)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: pages/join.md

* Receive announcements of events organized by and for RSEs
* Connect with research software engineers from across the country in many disciplines
* Help us to raise awareness of the importance of software in research and vital role we play in creating this software

> * Receive an invitation for the US-RSE slack workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Receive an invitation to join the US-RSE slack workspace
```

Reviewer: actually, probably should be "Slack"
